HCIDOCS-651: Oracle Cloud C3 (#88897)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/c3-assisted-installer-preparing-image-generating.adoc

|===
|Field |Action required

|*Cluster name*
|Specify the name of your {openshift} cluster. This should be the name you used to create the resource via the Terraform scripts. The name must be between 1-54 characters. It can use lowercase alphanumeric characters or hyphen (-), but must start and end with a lowercase letter or a number.

|*Base domain*
|Specify the base domain of the cluster. This is the value used for the `zone_dns` variables in the Terraform script running on {oci-c3-short}. Make a note of the value.

|*OpenShift version*
| Select `OpenShift 4.16.20`. If it is not immediately visible, scroll to the bottom of the dropdown menu, select *Show all available versions*, and type the version in the search box.

|*Integrate with external partner platforms*
|Select `Oracle Cloud Infrastructure`.

After you specify this value, the *Include custom manifests* checkbox is selected by default and the *Custom manifests* page is added to the wizard.
|===

. Leave the default settings for the remaining fields, and click *Next*.

. On the *Operators* page, click *Next*.

. On the *Host Discovery* page, click *Add hosts* and complete the following steps:

> .. In the *Provisioning type* field, select *??*. *[not documented - are all options OK?]*

Author: Please note question here.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/installing_oci/installing-c3-assisted-installer.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="c3-assisted-installer-preparing-image-generating_{context}"]
= Generating the image in the {ai-full}

Create a cluster and download the discovery ISO image.

.Procedure

> . Log in to link:https://console.redhat.com/[{ai-full} web console] with your credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Log in to the link:https://console.redhat.com/[{ai-full} web console] with your credentials.
```

. In the *Red Hat OpenShift* tile, select *OpenShift*. 

. In the *Red Hat {product-title}* tile, select *Create Cluster*.

> . On the *Cluster Type* page, scroll to the end of the *Cloud* tab, and select *Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (virtual machines)*. 

Reviewer: Can this comma be removed?
```suggestion
. On the *Cluster Type* page, scroll to the end of the *Cloud* tab and select *Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (virtual machines)*. 
```

> . On the *Cluster Type* page, scroll down to the end of the *Cloud* tab, and select *Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (virtual machines)*. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. On the *Cluster Type* page, scroll to the end of the *Cloud* tab, and select *Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (virtual machines)*. 
```

. On the *Create an OpenShift Cluster* page, select the *Interactive* tile.

. On the *Cluster Details* page, complete the following fields:
+
[cols="1,3",options="header",subs="quotes"]
|===
|Field |Action required

|*Cluster name*

> |Specify the name of your {openshift} cluster. This should be the name you used to create the resource via the Terraform scripts. The name must be between 1-54 characters. It can use lowercase alphanumeric characters or hyphen (-), but must start and end with a lowercase letter or a number.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Specify the name of your {product-title} cluster. This name is the same name you used to create the resource via the Terraform scripts. The name must be between 1-54 characters. It can use lowercase alphanumeric characters or hyphen (-), but must start and end with a lowercase letter or a number.
```

> |Specify the name of your {product-title} cluster. This name is the same name you used to create the resource via the Terraform scripts. The name must be between 1-54 characters. It can use lowercase alphanumeric characters or hyphen (-), but must start and end with a lowercase letter or a number.

Reviewer: Should this be plural?
```suggestion
|Specify the name of your {product-title} cluster. This name is the same name you used to create the resource via the Terraform scripts. The name must be between 1-54 characters. It can use lowercase alphanumeric characters or hyphens (-), but must start and end with a lowercase letter or a number.
```

|*Base domain*

> |Specify the base domain of the cluster. This is the value used for the `zone_dns` variables in the Terraform script running on {oci-c3-short}. Make a note of the value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Specify the base domain of the cluster. This value is used for the `zone_dns` variables in the Terraform script that run on {oci-c3-short}. Make a note of the value.
```

> |Specify the base domain of the cluster. This is the value used for the `zone_dns` variables in the Terraform scripts that run on {oci-c3-short}. Make a note of the value.

Reviewer: Totally a suggestion, but if you're supposed to note the value for later use then maybe it would be helpful to specify the reason why you're noting it:
```suggestion
|Specify the base domain of the cluster. This is the value used for the `zone_dns` variables in the Terraform scripts that run on {oci-c3-short}. Make a note of the value for later use.
```

|*OpenShift version*

> | Select `OpenShift 4.16.20`. If it is not immediately visible, scroll to the bottom of the dropdown menu, select *Show all available versions*, and type the version in the search box.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Select *OpenShift 4.16.20*. If it is not immediately visible, scroll to the end of the dropdown menu, select *Show all available versions*, and type the version in the search box.
```

> | Select *OpenShift 4.16.20*. If it is not immediately visible, scroll to the end of the dropdown menu, select *Show all available versions*, and type the version in the search box.

Reviewer: Just checking, is this OpenShift version number accurate here?

|*Integrate with external partner platforms*

> |Select `Oracle Cloud Infrastructure`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Select *Oracle Cloud Infrastructure*.
```

After you specify this value, the *Include custom manifests* checkbox is selected by default and the *Custom manifests* page is added to the wizard.
|===

. Leave the default settings for the remaining fields, and click *Next*.

. On the *Operators* page, click *Next*.

. On the *Host Discovery* page, click *Add hosts* and complete the following steps:
+
[NOTE]
====
The minimal ISO image is the mandatory *Provisioning type* for the {oci-first-no-rt}, and cannot be changed.
====

> .. In the *SSH public key* field, add the SSH public key by copying the output of the following command: 

Reviewer: This is just something to consider and probably fine to leave as is if your other Oracle procedures are worded this way but - I feel like, especially considering the [docs guideline section](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#procedure-step-that-introduces-a-command) about explicitly using wording like "by running the following command", this might be _just enough_ actions to merit two separate steps. 

How about breaking this up into two steps like "Create the SSH public key by running the following command:" and then "In the *SSH public key* field, add the SSH public key by entering the output of the previous step's command."?

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa.put
----
+
The SSH public key will be installed on all {product-title} control plane and compute nodes.

.. Click the *Show proxy settings* checkbox.

> .. Add the proxy variables from the `/etc/environment` file of the bastion server configured earlier:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. Add the proxy variables from the `/etc/environment` file of the bastion server that you configured earlier:
```

+

> [source,terminal]

Reviewer: Can there be some title added here to provide a little context about what the code block is? Something like this:
```suggestion
.Proxy variables
[source,terminal]
```
